Jerry and I are making 50 bucks
to babysit Lonnie's lizard
while he's on vacation.
Why does he have
that pained look on his face?
Oh. We're both a little gassy
from that chili-cheese dog we split.
I think I know what he needs, though.
Come here, boy.
Let it out.
Two gun salute, nice.
Only one of those guns was his.
Uh, what are you guys doing?
Petting my gassy lizard.
That sounds about right.
All right, Kim. It's Wednesday.
Time to get our spar on.
Uh, Milton, I...
We need to...
Talk.
I don't think we should spar
with each other anymore.
Is it something I did?
No, no, no! Milton, you're great.
It's-- it's not you.
It's me.
It's someone else, isn't it?
Please don't tell me you sparred with him?
Here? On our mats?
I've been such a fool!
Just down at the arcade.
What was I doing there?
Only becoming the number one
immortal slayer player in the world.
Wow. Spending thousands of hours
with nerds in the dark really paid off.
Sure did.
I won a really cool
glow-in-the-dark t-shirt.
Oh, man. This thing is awesome.
Look, Jack.
I'm tired of sparring with Milton.
I mean, you're the only other
black belt in this dojo.
I want to be challenged.
Really? I--
I don't think that's a great idea.
Come on, Jack.
Okay.
Whoa.
Wait, you guys are sparring?
Does Milton know about this?
Yes.
Yes, he does.
♪ Don't you get all tough with me ♪
♪ I'm saying won't you
Come kick it with me? ♪
♪ And we can have a ball run up the wall ♪
♪ This is how we do ♪
♪ And no matter how much
I chop and punch ♪
♪ It's not as cool
As kickin' it with you ♪
♪ Here we go, let's start the party ♪
♪ Chop it up like it's karate ♪
♪ Everybody ♪
♪ Don't you get all tough with me ♪
♪ I'm saying won't you
Come kick it with me? ♪
♪ And we can have a ball run up the wall ♪
♪ This is how we do ♪
♪ And no matter how much
I chop and punch ♪
♪ It's not as cool
As kickin' it with you ♪
Finally, some sparring
between real karate students.
Instead of a bunch of confused gazelles
blindly flailing around in their pajamas.
No offense.
- Oh, it's cool.
- None taken.
I love gazelles.
And remember, Jack,
give me everything you've got.
Kim, are you sure you want to do this?
Okay.
Oh!
She just flipped you like a pancake.
I gotta go upload this.
It's gonna get more hits
than "fat baby farts."
Yes!
♪ I took you down ♪
♪ Down to the ground. ♪
I gotta hand it to you, Kim.
You got the better of me.
Congratulations.
Enjoy what you've got, Jack.
It's only a matter of time before
she tosses you out like an old sock.
Wow, Jack.
- I didn't see that coming.
- Hm.
Sometimes you gotta expect the unexpected.
What ?
Jack just winked.
That means he let Kim win.
Forget Jack.
This lizard's clamped down
on my belly button, man!
Get it off! Get it off!
-
- Is it okay?
My innie's now an outie.
♪ And no matter how much
I chop and punch ♪
♪ It's not as cool
As kickin' it with you! ♪
Yo, Rudy. Come check out the iguana.
Oh, no. I'm not gonna fall
for that one again.
Oh. You actually have an iguana this time.
Cool.
Oh, what's all this?
Ah, just getting rid of a bunch of junk
from down in my storage unit.
Ooh, this is pretty cool.
Oh, wow. I didn't even know
that was in there.
That's my old red zephyr steam engine.
When I was six, that train
was like my best friend.
Uh, don't get me wrong.
I had people friends, too.
What does it do?
Well, come on. I'll show you.
So...
I guess there's no longer any question
about who the number one
black belt is in this dojo.
Took him down.
Boom goes the dynamite!
Boom! I said, boom.
We get it, Kim.
That's the sound dynamite makes.
Yeah, yeah.
You're number one.
What was that?
What?
When your voice goes up high like that
it means you're hiding something.
Everybody does it.
Don't they, Eddie?
Why are you dragging me into this?
Jerry, what's going on?
Uh...
All right, all right, all right.
Jack threw the match.
He winked at us like this.
Which is guy talk for "I let her win."
Really?
Well.
Wait till I get my on that little winker.
Where is he?
I don't know.
Really, Jerry? Really?
He's at the arcade.
That was a close one, man.
She almost got something out of me.
Whew!
Boy, this really takes me back.
It's amazing, isn't it?
Well, it's just going in circles.
Maybe if we had some more track,
the train could go through a...
I don't know.
A kind of town?
What town?
Maybe a little town called "Miltonville."
Tell me more about this...
Rudyville.
Well, it's the kind of place
where everyone knows each other's names,
and no one locks their doors at night.
Yes, yes, go on.
The men at Rudyville are the kind of men
who look you in the eye
when you shake their hand.
And they all smell
like brand-new haircuts.
Oh, now I see it.
And they all work in a factory
up on the ridge.
And it's a fine factory.
And you know what they make
in that factory, Milton?
Wicker furniture!
No.
Dreams.
And how do those clean-cut joes
get to and from the factory?
The train!
Thrasher! Thrasher!
Thrasher! Thrasher! Thrasher! Thrasher!
Kim!
Surprised to see you here.
You'd better watch your back.
This video arcade is where nerds go off.
Um, they look pretty harmless to me.
Oh.
Little known fact.
A nerd has three times the strength
of your average dork.
I was in here last year
when the change machine jammed.
Good thing I had my nerd riot gear.
Spritz bottle with water,
that's all it takes.
Nerds.
Congratulations, Thrasher.
You are immortal.
Hey, Kim. Did you see that?
That's why they call me "Thrasher."
Oh, pretty impressive.
Hey, quick question for ya, Thrasher.
When we sparred this morning,
did you let me win?
What?
I knew it.
I can't believe you didn't have
enough respect to fight me for real.
Why did you hold back?
Well, you know, I'm a...
And you're...
Oh, wow. A girl?
Well...
Thrasher, get on up here.
The owner of the game company needs me.
Gotta go.
How about a hand for Thrasher, everybody?
I'm excited to announce
the first ever
live immortal slayer death match
between the top two players
in the country.
This Saturday night, right here,
in Thrasher's home arcade.
-
- Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah!
And the winner's avatar
will be featured on the cover
of next year's home version.
- Huh?
-
Thrasher! Thrasher!
All right, that's it, nerds.
I'm going from spritz to stream.
Who's the little cutie?
You are.
Yes, you are.
Now, open wide.
Here comes the airplane.
Oh.
That's it,
you scaly little monster.
One more time and I'll drag you
behind the dumpster
and feed you to the rats.
How dare you!
Oh.
I'm so sorry. I...
I thought that was a baby.
I love lizards.
Oh, me too.
Yeah, I love this little guy.
And I'm a very protective parent.
In fact, I never take my eyes off of him.
You know, I was just about
to order some food.
Would you care for some baba ghanoush?
Hey, Nathan. What did you want
to talk to me about?
Your match against the number one player.
What? I thought I was
the number one player.
Oh, you were. Four days ago.
but that was before
The Skull-ripper showed up.
Skull-ripper! Skull-ripper! Skull-ripper!
finish him! Finish him!
Finish him!
Congratulations, Skull-ripper.
You are immortal.
- Whoo!
- Kim?
Oh. Hi, Jack.
She kicked that alien
right in his snot box.
That's my kind of woman.
I know what this is about.
It's about me letting you win
when we sparred.
That's exactly what it's about.
I mean, I wanted a fair fight from you,
and this is the only way
that I could get it.
Kim.
Death Match is gonna be shown online.
You're gonna embarrass yourself
in front of a whole lot of people.
Sounds like you're scared.
Okay, you know what?
You want a real fight with me
where I don't hold back?
Well, you're gonna get it.
Good. 'Cause that's what I want.
- Fine!
I forgot my books.
Me too.
♪ And no matter how much
I chop and punch ♪
♪ It's not as cool
As kickin' it with you! ♪
He's gotta be around here.
Where would you go if you were a lizard?
Well, I'd go to a pool party
where lady lizards in bikinis
were walking around
serving fly-kabobs. Duh.
You're useless.
To capture the lizard,
I'm gonna have to think like a lizard.
Well, you're not the only one
who can do that.
Yo. What it do, girl?
Just getting my lizard on.
Fly!
It is absolutely perfect!
Eh. Hmm.
What was that?
I shouldn't mention it.
It's nitpicky.
Pick your nit.
Well, that drainage ditch could turn
into a breeding ground for mosquitoes.
You're right.
And it's so close to the school.
All the kids are gonna get mosquito bites.
And the next thing you know,
there's a huge run on itch cream.
People panic,
there's rioting in the streets.
And we can't have rioting in Rudyville,
our police department is on back order!
Rudy, check it out.
Uh, Display World Magazine
is having a contest.
They're giving away a thousand bucks
for the most original train display.
A thousand bucks?
You think we could win?
If we made some changes.
Well, what kind of changes?
Well, our farm has no fence,
so pigs are just wandering into the bank.
And our mayor is a corn doodler
with a mustache.
Wait. This was our mayor?
We're gonna have to hold a new election.
Jack, why don't you tell everybody
what your strategy is?
I'm going to use my agility,
and arsenal
of counter-attacking spin kicks
to take my opponent down.
I'm just gonna rip his skull off
and soccer-kick it off the roof.
- What? You want to do this right now?
- I really want to do this.
- You know what? I'll be the number one
- All right, all right, all right.
- black belt in the dojo, brother!
- You're going down!
Boom!
Listen, Jack, I want to talk to you
about the fight.
How would you...
feel about... losing?
What?
Girls don't play Immortal slayer .
But with someone like Kim
on the cover, they will.
I need her to win.
Wait, so you're asking me
to throw the fight?
Go out there and make it look good
for the first few minutes,
and then...
Take a dive.
If you do that,
we'll build a whole new game
around your avatar.
Think about it, Jack.
The Thrasher will really be immortal.
It is done,
and it is perfect!
And just in time, too.
The judge for Display World Magazine
is gonna be here any minute.
Do you think we spent too much?
Wha-- What, to win big,
you need to think big.
Besides, once we win the thousand bucks,
we're only gonna be out 3,000.
That's just good business.
Hi, I'm Mr. Gordon
from Display World Magazine .
You, sir, are about to behold
what some are calling
the eighth wonder of the world.
And by some, I mean me and the boy.
I would ask you
to not just view our display,
but to take a journey!
It's gotta be a quick journey.
I've got six minutes left on the meter.
Ooh.
Please pay attention
to the painstaking detail
we put into our display.
That dog poop in the park looks real...
because it is!
♪ Kickin' it with you! ♪
Welcome to the ultimate death match.
Two will enter the death chamber,
but only one will survive
the violent massacre.
Sponsored by Fluffy Cow fro-yo.
It's time to moo-ve over, ice cream.
Let the annihilation begin!
Three, two, one.
Fight!
Isn't this motion capture
technology awesome?
Okay, pipe down there, Einstein.
This stuff is so fake.
Holy hannah!
I know that girl on the roof!
She's not on the roof.
It's a game.
Kim!
Stay where you are!
I will find a way to save you.
Jerry?
And what are you supposed to be?
Well, I was thinking like a lizard.
If he believes I'm his mother,
he'll come to me for safety.
I even have a lizard call. Check it.
That is the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
You look ridiculous.
I look ridiculous?
You look like a bathmat with wings.
I'm a moth.
It's the lizard's favorite food.
He'll see me, get hungry,
then come out to eat me.
No one's gonna want to eat you.
Hello. I look delicious.
Get out of here.
Okay, I gotta find that lizard,
and make sure I get my half
of the 50 bucks.
You're not getting a single cent
of that money, you lizard loser.
Oh-ho-ho. That's it.
I'm having wings for dinner.
Oh, let's go.
In my 26 years on the job,
I have never seen a display
that is more...
Boring and clichéd.
Seriously, am I being punked?
No!
Yes!
Bravo! Bravo!
You lured me in
with your pathetic display,
but then, enter Godzilla and Mothra.
And you reminded me why I became
a miniature train display critic
- in the first place.
- Oh, yeah.
Congratulations.
Let's go. We got a thousand dollars
to rebuild our town.
Well, maybe this time
we can call it Miltonville.
Rudyville it is!
Eddie!
Eddie, look what's peeking out
of the tunnel.
My idea worked.
He thinks I'm his mother.
No. He thinks I'm his breakfast.
- Mother.
- Breakfast.
- Mother!
- Breakfast!
That's it!
All I wanted was a fair fight.
You probably shouldn't have done that.
He perfectly blocked her move!
And is using the energy
from her death strike
to enhance his life power!
Oh, Joan's getting overheated!
Spritz me, nerd!
- Yes!
Thrasher,
You are the ultimate champion!
Thrasher! Thrasher!
I thought we had an agreement, Jack.
You blew it.
We were going to build an entire
game franchise around the Thrasher.
I was never gonna throw the fight.
Some things are just more important
than a dumb video game.
I don't believe it.
He wanted you to throw the fight?
Yeah.
But, uh, I wasn't gonna make
that mistake again.
Well, congratulations. I mean...
It's not every day a girl gets to see
her guts splattered into a million pieces.
So, you're okay that I beat you?
You gave me your best shot, and...
that's all I ever wanted.
Joan, what are you doing up there?
I'm showing you punks
you don't want to mess
with the mall cop mauler.
You can't handle this.
Whoa!
You know you have to put
a dollar in, right?
Oh. Forget that.
♪ Kickin' it with you! ♪
Okay, Jack.
Now that we're gonna spar for real,
let's see what you got.
All right, but I really don't want
to hurt you, okay?
Why?
I'm okay with hurting you.
-
- ♪ Kickin' it with you! ♪